well found boys here and that me
this is the tenth episode of the fifa rat
13 will be a black and white episode
we say for better or for worse considering that
however in this episode I will not lose
in fact roast 2 light nepa wins
but there will still be problems with it
they will still be in the next ones
episodes
in fact in this episode in the last one
game that will win 70 there will be a cut
the first time he made weapons
avermedia because he didn't register me on
first time in which I make four goals
so you don't take 4 of the seven goals
which will be the first time in four
but let's say that in a sense game
single with a set at zero we say that not
it is justified but at least it is not one
fought match in which maybe it was
nice to see with my goals from
opponents etc. is a 7 to 0 and therefore
the goal was a one -way jack
I'm sorry, unfortunately, because there are so many
goal here are four however we say that
this is the minor problem since i am
has disconnected again while
I played and therefore probably will change
still let's say account pro ie not
worry practically I will
simply a miss I will change to
players these players such as
themselves in another account
I will delete this account ie account
this team with the lim in Europe yesterday
i will create the emili ris team i will change
so nothing happens, let's say yes
it only clears the
the defeat win counter but
I think it's the best thing buying
what to play with 075 of modifier of
withdrawals means earning 300 credits
per game and with 300 credit of
match does not even include a
contract is therefore really impossible
play and therefore I am forced to do
this thing however does not happen
nothing here if you were interested in
how many I win and how many I lose is enough
that you mark how much I finish here
victories defeated and calculated with
with the new with the new team here
everything here is another thing I wanted
propose as we say I will do this
new start even if it starts anyway
did not see that the team will be the
identical is that I have about 20
euro in the card I use for per
buy things on the psn and I wanted you
I wanted to know if maybe he could
like a live episode in which me
I open packages I don't know with 20 euros how many
I can open about eight maybe
we open packages in live
so maybe even fun to know the
see my reaction
if there is something good if maybe not
nothing good comes out so that's way from
also have an increase in credits that
it would also be very welcome for this
team
meanwhile, look at the needle in the 18th vat
absurd turn so much with him I have it
bought before I did not tell you ho
had a lot of luck in the
bad luck I was lucky seeing that how
I showed you the risk of selling first
in the night since in any case between one
the other game there was a night
which is fine I stopped and started again
day after
I go out to sell some players of
bronze and therefore thanks to those credits
let's say those jerks have saved the
life
I managed to buy his motif that
in this game it was essential
since it makes me the goal of 2 to 2 then you do
goal of 3 to 3 years learns is saved me
has made this match equal
in addition or it seemed to me that as you have
seen bought rui patricio which is a
the great goalkeeper goalkeeper
let's say portugal
I was telling myself so let me know if
if you are interested here this type
of episode of criticism I will condemn
will be employed in this team
so if you don't want to, I do n't
in case you want me to do it
let's say I will sell the players that
I will find and I will go to buy me we say i
players to complete this team
maybe I'm going to buy for example
dwarfs 87 since this however
team is good I'm having fun
a lot with this team so I have
going to do some tournaments too
and some say some purchase of
thick it takes to to face gods
tournaments as you don't anticipate anything
but I'll try to do some games
of tournament in the next episode and it goes well
I leave you I leave you in suspense for a moment
then you will see this customer tomorrow
game that I told you that cuts the
first time however he had won 7 to 0
so now I don't remember the goals
my mom's water this liedson goal
that I also bought him as you will have
seen before and the second one does the brace
in this game and that makes you laugh because
I didn't want to pull when I was
arrived that ball I wanted
crush square x and pretend
did not get me the joystick the aics has
pulled and made goals
in fact I was laughing as I rejoiced
because I made a goal and I didn't
I wanted to do
I conclude by buying andré castro non
cc
discarding ugo plan to who he was
finished the contracts and then I buy also
rolling for defense
the episode is over this is mine
team up episode seeing that someone
he told me to show it, we feel
tomorrow with a new episode nothing
beautiful